add option to run the Hubble updater with Docker (#213)
Autodesk/hubble: updater/README.md

1. Create a config file in `updater/config.py` in your local clone (based on [`updater/config.py.example`](config.py.example))
1. Configure a service or cronjob that executes `python3 update-stats.py` once per day.

> Alternatively you can set it up via Docker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can set it up via Docker:
```

1. Build the Docker image
    ```sh
    $ docker build . --tag hubble-updater
    ```
1. Create a config file in `updater/config.py` (based on [`updater/config.py.example`](config.py.example))

> 1. Configure a service or cronjob that executes the docker container once a day (replace `/path/to/config.py` and `/path/to/key` with your paths):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure a service or cron job that executes the Docker container once a day (replace `/path/to/config.py` and `/path/to/key` with your paths):
```

Reviewer: Also, I’d recommend a `systemd` service over a cron job.

Author: Hmm. Unfortunately, Alpine doesn't use systemd ... therefore I think it is easier to just use cron. OK?

Reviewer: Absolutely, didn’t know about that :+1:.
